index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Home
description: Web-based help for Python_MyoVision
---

These pages provide information about an implementation of the MyoVision software package written in Python.

The basic approach is very similar to that described by [Wen et al. (2018)](https://www.physiology.org/doi/full/10.1152/japplphysiol.00762.2017) but the software has been re-written in an attempt to make it more robust and potentially faster.

+ **Getting started**
  + [How to install MyoVision](pages/how-to-install-myovision/how-to-install-myovision.html)
    + [Install Python using Anaconda](pages/how-to-install-myovision/install-python-using-anaconda/install-python-using-anaconda.html)
    + [Install the GitHub client](pages/how-to-install-myovision/install-the-github-client/install-the-github-client.html)
    + [Clone the Python MyoVision repository](pages/how-to-install-myovision/clone-the-python-myovision-repository/clone-the-python-myovision-repository)
  + [Analyze a small image](pages/analyze-a-small-image/analyze-a-small-image.html)
  + [What MyoVision did](pages/what-myovision-did/what-myovision-did.html)  
    
  
+ **Next steps**
  + [Analyze a bigger image](pages/analyze-a-bigger-image/analyze-a-bigger-image.html)
  + [Creating a new classifier](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/creating-a-new-classifier.html)
    + [Segment a test image into test blobs](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/segment-a-test-image-into-test-blobs/segment-a-test-image-into-test-blobs.html)
    + [Manually-classify-blobs](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/manually-classify-blobs/manually-classify-blobs.html)
    + [Train the classifier](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/train-the-classifier/train-the-classifier.html)
    + [Testing your new classifer](pages/testing-your-new-classifier/testing-your-new-classifier.html)
  + [Process many images in sequence](pages/process-many-images-in-sequence/process-many-images-in-sequence.html)  
    
+ **Running your own analyses**
  + [What to do with new images](pages/what-to-do-with-new-images/what-to-do-with-new-images.html)  
  
  
+ **Background you should know**
  + How computers store images
  + Classification  
  
  
+ **Getting help**
  + [Things you should check first](pages/help_and_resources/things-you-should-check-first/things-you-should-check-first.html)
  + [How to create an issue](pages/help_and_resources/how-to-create-an-issue/how-to-create-an-issue.html)
  + How to request a new feature

Commit message:

Adding tips, fixing bugs in classifier docs

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Home
description: Web-based help for Python_MyoVision
---

These pages provide information about an implementation of the MyoVision software package written in Python.

The basic approach is very similar to that described by [Wen et al. (2018)](https://www.physiology.org/doi/full/10.1152/japplphysiol.00762.2017) but the software has been re-written in an attempt to make it more robust and potentially faster.

+ **Getting started**
  + [How to install MyoVision](pages/how-to-install-myovision/how-to-install-myovision.html)
    + [Install Python using Anaconda](pages/how-to-install-myovision/install-python-using-anaconda/install-python-using-anaconda.html)
    + [Install the GitHub client](pages/how-to-install-myovision/install-the-github-client/install-the-github-client.html)
    + [Clone the Python MyoVision repository](pages/how-to-install-myovision/clone-the-python-myovision-repository/clone-the-python-myovision-repository)
  + [Analyze a small image](pages/analyze-a-small-image/analyze-a-small-image.html)
  + [What MyoVision did](pages/what-myovision-did/what-myovision-did.html)  
    
  
+ **Next steps**
  + [Analyze a bigger image](pages/analyze-a-bigger-image/analyze-a-bigger-image.html)
  + [Creating a new classifier](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/creating-a-new-classifier.html)
    + [Segment a test image into test blobs](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/segment-a-test-image-into-test-blobs/segment-a-test-image-into-test-blobs.html)
    + [Manually-classify-blobs](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/manually-classify-blobs/manually-classify-blobs.html)
    + [Train the classifier](pages/creating-a-new-classifier/train-the-classifier/train-the-classifier.html)
    + [Testing your new classifer](pages/testing-your-new-classifier/testing-your-new-classifier.html)
  + [Process many images in sequence](pages/process-many-images-in-sequence/process-many-images-in-sequence.html)  
    
+ **Running your own analyses**
  + [What to do with new images](pages/what-to-do-with-new-images/what-to-do-with-new-images.html)  
  
  
+ **Background and useful tips**
  + [Folders and relative paths](pages/background-and-useful-tips/folders-and-relative-paths.md)
  + [How to organize your data](pages/background-and-useful-tips/how-to-organize-your-data.md)
  + How computers store images
  + Classification  
  
  
+ **Getting help**
  + [Things you should check first](pages/help_and_resources/things-you-should-check-first/things-you-should-check-first.html)
  + [How to create an issue](pages/help_and_resources/how-to-create-an-issue/how-to-create-an-issue.html)
  + How to request a new feature
